Xiaoxian, you are not in my plan at all
My feelings for you are a feud
Obviously, they are all injured people like me
Why can't you understand me?
Immersed in pain here
It's all caused by walking over
What about you?
You can hurt yourself to get revenge on others
Why can't I get revenge on those who hurt me?
What's wrong with me?
I loved for a while
I won't let you hurt him
Brother, this is incest. This is incest
A Woman
She gave birth to a child for a man who didn't love her
Die alone in the hospital
That's the reality.
So I'm going to destroy the country I'm going to destroy the country
Truth you are crazy
Maybe.
I had thought that
My life is nothing but revenge
There won't be anything else.
But you know what?
Does Beijing figure it out?
It's to marry you, Xiaoxin
Xiaoxin, as I said
Your world is more than just Teddy Brothers
And I really can't live without it
I beg you to let me go, okay?
Ah!
Although even you don't like me